RCORE-2134 touch up the GHA release process based on the first full run (#7730)
realm/realm-core: doc/development/how-to-release.md

The core release process is automated with github [actions](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/actions)

1. Go to the prepare-release [action](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/actions/workflows/prepare-release.yml) and click the "Run workflow" dropdown.

>   - Input the base branch that you would like to make a release from (usually this will be "master").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Select the base branch that you would like to make a release from (usually this will be "master") in the drop down.
```
